Final submission deadline February 27, 2015

Video Attachment:   Very helpful for the reader.  However, I found that reading
the text and listening to the audio was confusing.  I suggest only audio or only text, but not both.  [slow down the text at the start to match with the voice-over, but it is fine as is.]

- Introduction, Paragraph 5: "tissue penetration force"
should be referred to as "tissue puncture force"


adding labels to components in the figures (Figures 10 and 11)
- It would be helpful to add labels in Figures 10 & 11
- In Figure 10, arrows could be used to indicate how the
component evolves from one image to the next




ALL COMMENTS FOR THE JOURNAL VERSION:  (more experiments, etc.)

 It would be informative to describe how the critical
distance shown just after equation (5) was considered for
the design of the device   YES IT WOULD

- Finding a way to quantify the results provided in section
IV B & IV C would strengthen the paper


 a comparison of results from a traditional device compared to this new approach would be helpful.

Including more design considerations/targets would also be helpful for the reader.


In the experiment section (i.e., Section IV), I would like
to suggest a comparison with traditional Gauss gun, at
least in the experiments of penetration tests. Although the
experimental results based on the proposed Gauss gun looks
promising, without comparison with traditional devices, it
is hard to evaluate the performance improvement.

In the design section (i.e., Section III), the authors
select values of the four parameters and materials based on
theoretical analysis. I am wondering whether the authors
perform any experiments to test the effects of different
parameter values and materials? This set of experiments can
be important to validate the correctness of the theoretical
analysis, and may be able to reveal new conclusions.


Since the title of the paper emphasizes "MRI-powered
millirobots", I expected more details on how the MRI-Gauss
gun can be installed and used by millirobots. In addition,
it seems from the video that the prototype (as in Fig. 9)
can be well controlled. It can be helpful to provide more
details on how the prototype are controlled (and
navigated). Last thing I've noticed from the video is that
the Gauss gun components can be misaligned during contact,
so how does this misalignment affect the performance? 

The paper could be improved if more details about the
design considerations of the device were provided in the
design section. More importantly, the experimental section
in its current state is weak and there lacks a clear
connection between the theory and the experiments. It
would be helpful to explicitly reinforce how the
experiments tie-in with the theory and/or introduction
topics. Although the motivation of the paper was on the use
of high velocities to generate the forces necessary to
puncture tissue, the experimental test focused on
penetration depth rather than the puncture force/velocity.
